Well, it's mine, not mine.
Then why didn't you say it just now?
You didn't let me talk just now.
Guan Xiaojing, have you forgotten?
OK, then you
If you can handle it yourself
I won't say more
Since
You are now the owner of this auction house
Invitation to Doubao Contest
you
Go if you want
After all, our Doubao contest
The invitation is from the famous family of the zoo
And the top auction houses
Now you are the owner of this auction house
Count you in
Ok, I'll think about it.
The bean protection competition held by our official family
Also need to consider
Brother, you said we offended, and the key will be fine.
No, Miss Guan is not a Liang Tao
And don't you forget
When I didn't say I was the boss just now
Then help him
I made an oolong
You have to find yourself a way down
Then this open wheat is good
Are you going then?
I have promised the Holy Pavilion that I will not marry you
But Miss Guan personally invited me again
Or deduplicate participation